Workers: remove references to service environments. update deployments docs. (#7399)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/deployments.md

{{ </Aside>}}

### Updating Code

Any changes to code will trigger a new deployment. This can be as small as a simple whitespace change.

### Updating Bindings

Updates to bindings include a change to the value or variable name of a binding, or any CRUD operation on an individual binding. 

Notably, this does not include changes to the target resource itself. For example, changing the code of a Worker B that is connected via a service binding from Worker A will not trigger a new deployment on Worker A. Only changes to the service binding between Worker A and Worker B will trigger a new deployment.

### Updating Configuration

Updates to configuration include:

* Changing a Worker’s usage model.
* Changing a Worker’s secret or environment variable names and values.

## Interacting with Deployments

Deployment information can be obtained via Wrangler, the Cloudflare Dashboard, or Cloudflare's REST API.

### via Wrangler

The [`wrangler deployments`](/workers/wrangler/commands#deployments) command will output detailed information about the most recent deployments, including source, timestamp, identifier, and author.

### via the Cloudflare Dashboard

> The Deployments tab of your Cloudflare dashboard includes information about previous deployments, and your Worker’s detail page will now indicate information about the most recently deployed and currently active deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access Deployments by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) > **Account Home** > **Workers** > selecting your Worker project > **Deployments**. Deployments includes information about previous deployments, and your Worker’s detail page will now indicate information about the most recently deployed and currently active deployment.
```

Reviewer: Adding this in because we don't have a strategy on words like 'tab' or 'section', we aim to just say the word of the tab or section as is.

> ## via the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Via the API
```

Read more about accessing Deployment information via Cloudflare's REST API [here](https://api.cloudflare.com/#worker-deployments-properties).

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> Deployments are in active development. If you'd like to give feedback, please [request a chat](https://www.cloudflare.com/lp/developer-week-deployments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployments are in active development. To give feedback, request a [live chat](https://www.cloudflare.com/lp/developer-week-deployments).
```
